Okay, so for exercise foresee and,
we're gonna practice some of the stuff we
talked about around functions,
arrays, slices and maps.
And so in the foresee exercise file in
section four for complex structures,
the goals are going to be kind of to work
with some of these structures we've just
discussed.
And will use range a little bit as well.
So I'm going to create an exercise
foresee.go file, and in part one,
we're gonna kinda of review
a function that we just saw recently,
which is iterating over an array.
The practice element here is to kinda of
pass an array specifically to a function.
So, on part one, number one, we're going
to instantiate an array of scores,
and the array of scores should have at
least five elements of type float 64 and
then write a function that calculates and
returns that average score.
The kicker here is that you should have a
separate function that accepts an array as
a type and then iterates over it and
returns that average score.
In part part two,
we're gonna look at maps.
So for part one of part two, let's define
a map that contains a set of pet names and
their corresponding animal type.
For example,
if you were looking at the name Fido,
it would correspond it to a pet of dog.
So you can have a few of these like four
or five different pets within a map.
And then the second part of this is
to write a function that's going to
take a string argument and
return a Boolean indicating whether or
not that key exists in your map of pets.
So the structure here would be whatever
is in your main function should call
a second function that's like,
hey, do you exist in this map,
and then that string that
you pass a second function,
we'll go check out that map and
return true or false if that key exists.
And then for part three, we're gonna
instantiate a slice that has an initial
value of a collection of groceries,
and then write a second function that
takes one or
more groceries as a string argument and
appends them to the slice, printing
out the resulting list of groceries.